Re organise (#30)
ome/omero-guide-fiji: docs/imagej_python.rst

> Note: we have noticed problems using the Option 1 approach when running the scripts on some operating systems due to issues with the ImageJ1-ImageJ2 bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: we have noticed problems using the Conda approach when running the scripts on some operating systems due to issues with the ImageJ1-ImageJ2 bridge.
```
